Description:
The idea here is to assist small firms by increasing trust for them in their employees. Many a times, the employees are not very aware of the various tax saving schemes available and hence end up paying more tax than expected. Thus, this is just a way the SMBs can help their employees save tax. This project generates pay slips, tax slips and save tax mails specific and personalised for the employees. It is a personal dashboard for the employers which helps them keep track of their hiring and pay rolls to be paid every month and at the same time has certain personalized features detailed below.

The employer lands on the first page of the web app. This will give him options to view the top 10 most widely sold items online, this list will help the employee stock up better and modify inventory accordingly. On the first page, the employer will also have an option to add an employee to his small firm and to view all his employees. Side by side there is a scheduler running that will send personalized mails to the employees which will assist them in saving taxes. The algorithm is based on calculating the net total income of an employee, the tax that he pays and the minimum tax that he could have paid. We provide him all the options that he could invest in considering the amount of funds he has which will help him save up his taxes. The scheduler also runs a logic to send the employee his pay slip and salary slip per month. The purpose of showing the top 10 most bought items online (in this case we have used eBay API’s to extract these items) is to encourage him to populate his inventory with these items to increase his sales. These items can be generated by category and therefore can help the merchant further in knowing what the trending items are for his specific category of merchandizing. A further extension of this idea could be selling of the items on e-commerce websites(eBay in this case) and once sold imeediately generating bills and updating the inventory(Not yet implemented).

Overall, the app helps a great deal in helping a merchant know what’s good for his sales and also keeping track record of his employees. It cares about the employees too. It’s a win-win situation for everyone in this case.

The app is built on Ruby on Rails platform and padrino for mailer.

STEPS:
//to run any of the rails commands on windows append jruby -S to the start of the command

Clone the git repo
Install jre(6 and above)
Install jruby(1.7.9)
Install rails
Install mysql-server (username: root , password : root)
Use the DB dump provided (mysql -u root -p root thunder < thunder.sql)
or you can do rake db:migrate to migrate DB tables.
bundle install (in SMB folder)
rails s -p4000

go to alerts_api folder
bundle install
padrino s

In browser:
localhost:4000/ will open the home page. Whenever home page is hit, you'll see list of top 10 items sold in India
You can add employees(provide your actual email address to receive email )
You can see all employees

Currently, we have a scheduler which will send emails to all employees (savetax, payslip and taxslip)

In case you wish to receive mail immediately, hit localhost:4000/mail/save_tax , localhost:4000/mail/payslip and localhost:4000/mail/taxslip respectively. The mail can be viewed in your inbox(so give your email address while adding new employee). You can also go to gmail and open the account : thunderingherdhacksmb@gmail.com , password: gogreen@123 , check the sent mail folder.
